Update backend/services_running_propagations.md: server.disableResultsPropagation & saveGrade (#66)
France-ioi/algorea-devdoc: backend/services_running_propagations.md

| app/api/items/update_item.go                     | itemUpdate               |                                                                                                         | sync (if children are modified)                   | async* (if children are modified)                                                                                                                                                         | async* (if children/no_score/validation_type are modified)                       |

async* works as follows:
1. It tries to schedule an async propagation of the specified kind by calling a special HTTP endpoint.
2. If the endpoint succeeds, the specified propagation really runs async.
3. If the endpoint fails (due to a network error, a 3-second timeout, or a non-200 HTTP response), no matter which of propagations it tried to schedule, it synchronously runs the sequence of two propagations:
   - permissions,
   - results.

🤷

> res_sync* means marking objects for async propagation without  calling the propagation endpoint when the config setting `server.disableResultsPropagation` is set to `true` (as we have in production). Otherwise, it means sync.

Author: fixed

As of April 2024, since, instead of running sync permissions/results propagations in the same transaction, we run them in separate transactions (except for the `saveGrade` service), objects marked for propagations are shared between all DB sessions. This means that if a sync propagation is run in one DB session, it processes all objects marked for this propagation, no matter which DB session marked them. So, when an endpoint runs a sync permissions/results propagation to recompute some objects, it also recomputes all objects currently marked as modified by other endpoints/users. This can lead to surprisingly long propagation times even for small changes. 🤷

### Impossibility of running sync and async results propagations simultaneously
It's easy to see that there are many endpoints that run sync results propagations. At the same time, there are some endpoints that run async results propagations. As the results propagation is run under a named lock (except for the `saveGrade` service), it's possible that a sync results propagation is waiting for an async results propagation to finish. This can lead to named lock wait timeouts resulting in server error responses. 🤷

> Happily, we have a solution for this: we can completely disable sync results propagations (with the special config setting `server.disableResultsPropagation`) and run only async results propagations (except for the `saveGrade` service which always runs it synchronously). This is the only way to avoid named lock wait timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Happily, we have a "solution" for this: we do completely disable sync results propagations (see the `mark` action above) and run only async results propagations (except for the `saveGrade` service which always runs it synchronously). This is currently the only way we have to avoid named lock wait timeouts.
```

Author: fixed
